README.md, before:

## Licenses

- This project uses `uthash`, which is licensed under the 1-clause BSD license. The license text is included in the `uthash.h` file.

## About
This project implements uni-directed/bi-directed node-centric de Bruijn Graphs and generates a cycle/path cover from FASTA-format input.

## Building
Run the following command in the same directory as `nkl.c` to compile the code:

```bash
make
```

This will generate the executable `nkl`.

## Usage
To run the program, use the following command after adding a PATH to the directory (or simply specify the full or relative path to the execution file):
### generate a representation
```bash
nkl -i [in.fa] -k [k] -d [d] -c [c] -o [o]
```
- `-i`: set a path to an input FASTA file after this
- `-k`: choose $k$ s.t. $2\leq k\leq 31$
- `-d`: choose either 0: uni-directed or 1: bi-directed
- `-c`: choose how to cover the de Bruijn graph, 0: maximum matching (ONLY WHEN d == 0) 1: greedy linear scan of `infile`
- `-o`: choose representation 0: flat 1: pointer 2: balanced parentheses
### verify an output
```bash
nkl -m 1 -i [in.fa] -k [k] -d [d] -o [o] -f [target.str]
```
- `-m`: set 1 for verification (default: 0)
- `-f`: set a path to a target file for verification

## Example
```bash
nkl -i input.fa -k 11 -d 0 -c 0 -o 2
```
This command processes the input file `input.fa` with k-mer length 11, finds a path cover of uni-directed de Bruijn graph with maximum matching and generates a balanced parentheses representation.

```bash
nkl -i input.fa -k 31 -d 0 -c 1 -o 0
```
This command processes the input file `input.fa` with k-mer length 31, finds a path cover of uni-directed de Bruijn graph by greedy linear scan of `input.fa` and generates a flat representation.

```bash
nkl -i input.fa -k 11 -d 1 -c 2 -o 1
```
This command processes the input file `input.fa` with k-mer length 11, finds a path cover of bi-directed de Bruijn graph by greedy dfs and generates a pointer representation.

```bash
nkl -m 1 -i input.fa -k 6 -d 0 -o 0 -f target.str
```
This command constructs a k-mer set from `input.fa` with k-mer length 6, and compare with a k-mer set reconstructed from `target.fa` with k-mer length 6.

## Requirements
- GCC supporting the C99 standard or later
- Standard C libraries
- A POSIX-compliant system (e.g., Linux, macOS) for functions like `getopt` (or WSL in Windows)

Commit message:

modified func:bbp from char* to void. added troubleshoot to readme

README.md, after:

## Licenses

- This project uses `uthash`, which is licensed under the 1-clause BSD license. The license text is included in the `uthash.h` file.

## About
This project implements uni-directed/bi-directed node-centric de Bruijn Graphs and generates a cycle/path cover from FASTA-format input.

## Building
Run the following command in the same directory as `nkl.c` to compile the code:

```bash
make
```

This will generate the executable `nkl`.

## Usage
To run the program, use the following command after adding a PATH to the directory (or simply specify the full or relative path to the execution file):
### generate a representation
```bash
nkl -i [in.fa] -k [k] -d [d] -c [c] -o [o]
```
- `-i`: set a path to an input FASTA file after this
- `-k`: choose $k$ s.t. $2\leq k\leq 31$
- `-d`: choose either 0: uni-directed or 1: bi-directed
- `-c`: choose how to cover the de Bruijn graph, 0: maximum matching (ONLY WHEN d == 0) 1: greedy linear scan of `infile`
- `-o`: choose representation 0: flat 1: pointer 2: balanced parentheses
### verify an output
```bash
nkl -m 1 -i [in.fa] -k [k] -d [d] -o [o] -f [target.str]
```
- `-m`: set 1 for verification (default: 0)
- `-f`: set a path to a target file for verification

## Example
```bash
nkl -i input.fa -k 11 -d 0 -c 0 -o 2
```
This command processes the input file `input.fa` with k-mer length 11, finds a path cover of uni-directed de Bruijn graph with maximum matching and generates a balanced parentheses representation.

```bash
nkl -i input.fa -k 31 -d 0 -c 1 -o 0
```
This command processes the input file `input.fa` with k-mer length 31, finds a path cover of uni-directed de Bruijn graph by greedy linear scan of `input.fa` and generates a flat representation.

```bash
nkl -i input.fa -k 11 -d 1 -c 2 -o 1
```
This command processes the input file `input.fa` with k-mer length 11, finds a path cover of bi-directed de Bruijn graph by greedy dfs and generates a pointer representation.

```bash
nkl -m 1 -i input.fa -k 6 -d 0 -o 0 -f target.str
```
This command constructs a k-mer set from `input.fa` with k-mer length 6, and compare with a k-mer set reconstructed from `target.fa` with k-mer length 6.

## Troubleshoot
Our implementation uses recursion in the source codes. It might cause stack overflow in some environment with some specific setting. In that case, the following is worth trying.

```bash
ulimit -s unlimited
```

## Requirements
- GCC supporting the C99 standard or later
- Standard C libraries
- A POSIX-compliant system (e.g., Linux, macOS) for functions like `getopt` (or WSL in Windows)
